Add docs describing retry behavior (#5883)
temporalio/temporal: docs/architecture/retry.md

# Retry Mechanisms

## gRPC

### Interceptor

> All services use the gRPC interceptor `interceptor.RetryableInterceptor` that can retry a failed gRPC request.

Reviewer: We do both client-side and server-side retries and it's not clear which one you're talking about here. You should describe both. Actually I think client-side retries are more important, the server-side ones are fairly limited (deliberately)

Author: Ha! I'll describe the client-side one, too 👍

Its behavior is defined by:
- `backoff.IsRetryable` which decides whether to retry based on the service error type
- `backoff.RetryPolicy` which decides how long to backoff first - or not retry at all

The `RetryableInterceptor` delegates the actual retry behavior to `backoff.ThrottleRetryContext` which:
- never retries any context timeout/cancellation errors
- retries `ResourceExhausted` service errors using a custom retry policy

> Tip: To inspect each service's retry behavior, look for its call to `NewRetryableInterceptor`.

Author: I'd rather keep this document as a launch pad to dive deeper - rather than attempting to detail the exact behavior only to see it go out of date sooner or later.

## Service Error

Service errors are specific Go errors that can generate a gRCP `Status` (see [status.proto](https://github.com/grpc/grpc/blob/master/src/proto/grpc/status/status.proto)). 
A gRPC status contains a gRPC `Code` (see [code.proto](https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis/blob/master/google/rpc/code.proto)), a message and (optionally) a payload with more details.

```go
type ServiceError interface {
    error
    Status() *status.Status
}
```

The [api-go](https://github.com/temporalio/api-go/tree/master/serviceerror) repository defines most service errors:
- general-purpose errors
  (such as `Canceled`, `NotFound` or `Unavailable`)
- specialized errors which carry more details
  (such as `NamespaceNotActive` with the gRPC code `FailedPrecondition`)

Furthermore, a few more Server-specific service errors are defined in this repository, such as
`ShardOwnershipLost` or `TaskAlreadyStarted`.

## gRPC

A failed gRPC request can be retried server-side and client-side.
Both use the aforementioned `backoff` package to configure and execute the retries.

**Server-side**: All Temporal services wrap their API handlers with the gRPC interceptor

> `interceptor.RetryableInterceptor` to retry a failed gRPC request. Look for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`interceptor.RetryableInterceptor` to retry gRPC requests that fail with certain errors. Look for 
```

`NewRetryableInterceptor` to see the configuration for each service.

> **Client-side**: Similarly, each service client can retry a failed gRPC request. Look for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Client-side**: Similarly, each service client can retry gRPC requests that fail with certain errors. Look for
```

`NewRetryableClient` to see the configuration for each service client.

> 

Reviewer: I'd add some commentary like:

```suggestion

Server-side retries can be more efficient since they avoid a round-trip, but note that retry behavior multiplies
between server and client, and client-side is more flexible (e.g. can direct a request to a different server),
so server-side should be used sparingly. Our server-side retries are configured to do no more than one
extra attempt.
```
